README.md, before:

# Simple Tile-Based Game

## Description

A simple tile-based 2D game developed with Java and Spring Boot.

## Execution
To run the application, execute `./gradlew run` (Linux/macOS) or `.\gradlew run` (Windows) in the project directory.

## Map configuration

Maps can be supplied either through the existing programmatic configuration classes or as standalone JSON files. Each JSON file must follow the structure below and be placed under `src/main/resources/maps`.

```json
{
  "id": "example-id",
  "displayName": "Example",
  "heroStart": { "column": 1, "row": 1 },
  "tiles": [[3, 3], [3, 999]],
  "items": [[0, 0], [0, 0]],
  "enemies": [[0, 0], [0, 0]]
}
```

- `tiles` defines the terrain using the numeric values from `TileType`.
- `items` and `enemies` matrices default to empty cells when omitted but must match the `tiles` dimensions when provided.
- `heroStart` uses zero-based coordinates and must reference a walkable tile.

At runtime the repository automatically combines programmatic maps and all JSON resources discovered on the classpath.

## Tileset: Floor pixel art 2D
The following tilesets were used in this project, all licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License:

- Author: [NinaPixelArt](https://ninapixelart.itch.io/)
- Copyright Notice: [NinaPixelArt](https://ninapixelart.itch.io/)
- Link to the work: https://ninapixelart.itch.io/floor-pixel-art-2d
- License: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Disclaimer Notice: The content is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind.

<br />
Other graphics used in this project were generated by OpenAI DALL-E.

Commit message:

update project to require Java 17

README.md, after:

# Simple Tile-Based Game

## Description

A simple tile-based 2D game developed with Java and Spring Boot.

## Requirements
Java 17 (JDK 17) or newer is required to build and run this project. The project toolchain is configured for Java 17.

## Execution
To run the application, execute `./gradlew run` (Linux/macOS) or `.\gradlew run` (Windows) in the project directory.

## Map configuration

Maps can be supplied either through the existing programmatic configuration classes or as standalone JSON files. Each JSON file must follow the structure below and be placed under `src/main/resources/maps`.

```json
{
  "id": "example-id",
  "displayName": "Example",
  "heroStart": { "column": 1, "row": 1 },
  "tiles": [[3, 3], [3, 999]],
  "items": [[0, 0], [0, 0]],
  "enemies": [[0, 0], [0, 0]]
}
```

- `tiles` defines the terrain using the numeric values from `TileType`.
- `items` and `enemies` matrices default to empty cells when omitted but must match the `tiles` dimensions when provided.
- `heroStart` uses zero-based coordinates and must reference a walkable tile.

At runtime the repository automatically combines programmatic maps and all JSON resources discovered on the classpath.

## Tileset: Floor pixel art 2D
The following tilesets were used in this project, all licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License:

- Author: [NinaPixelArt](https://ninapixelart.itch.io/)
- Copyright Notice: [NinaPixelArt](https://ninapixelart.itch.io/)
- Link to the work: https://ninapixelart.itch.io/floor-pixel-art-2d
- License: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Disclaimer Notice: The content is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind.

<br />
Other graphics used in this project were generated by OpenAI DALL-E.
